# about-me
Christian Geer

TL;DR: I am from Jenkintown, PA and am currently a freshman at Allegheny College with interessts in Economics and Computer Science, who is also on the Varsity Cross Country and Track teams.

I was born and raised in Jenkintown, PA, a tiny suburb just outside of Philadelphia, and attended school at the Jenkintown School District, which consists of a Elementary and Middle/School school serving grades K-12. In my youth I spent most of my time participating in many different sports. Among these were baseball, soccer, basketball, skiing, football, and then other sports/games that were simply created by my friends and I, During my years at Jenkintown I was deeply involved in athletics earning numerous accolades in Cross Country, Baseball, and Track, as well as serving on the Athletic Advisory Committee. Other organizations that I was a part of include National Honor Society and World Language Honor Society.

I am now a freshman at Allegheny College in Meadville, PA, and am on the Varsity Cross Country and Track teams. I have yet to declare a major and minor, but have great interest in both the Computer Science and Economics fields, and plan on combing the two somehow. At Allegheny I have taken two introductory Economics classes (Intro to Microeconomics and Intro to Macroeconomics) and also two introductory Computer Science classes (Computer Science 111 and Computer Science 112), and this interest in Computer Science prompted me to enroll is the FS102 course Software everywhere, in which I will develop a fully functioning website of all my work.

My future plans are, at the moment, basically nonexistent. Looking long term I would most likely like to be able to work my way up to a management position in a company, but where to begin to get there is beyond me at the moment. For now I am focusing on deciding on my major and minor, which very well may change how my career path plays out. Some other courses that I look forward to possibly taking in the future at Allegheny are Introduction to Managerial Economics and Advanced Managerial Economics. These course interest me because, as mentioned before, my long term hope to be able to rise up to a Managerial role at a company.
